document deprecation of graph names with unesacped dots in USE clauses (#1145)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

| The `standard` and `high_limit` store formats have been deprecated.
Creating databases with these formats is therefore also deprecated.
For more information on the deprecation of these formats, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-internals/store-formats/#format-deprecations[Store formats -> Format deprecations].

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
USE my.db ...

----

> | In USE clauses, databases and aliases with unescaped `.` are deprecated unless to indicate that they belong to a composite database. Names containing `.` should be escaped. In the above example: USE \`my.db` ...

Reviewer: We started using quoted instead of escaped last year as it was deemed less ambigious.

```suggestion
| In xref:clauses/use.adoc[`USE`] clauses, databases and aliases with unquoted `.` are deprecated unless the `.` is used to indicate that the database or alias belongs to a composite database.
Names containing `.` should be quoted using backticks. 
For example, `USE `my.db`` is valid.
```
